Adapting main README and docs (#46)
pyansys/pyansys: README.rst

for each package, you can post issues and request new features. You can also email
questions to `PyAnsys Support <mailto:pyansys.support@ansys.com>`_.

> By default, the PyAnsys package installs the core modules. The following PyAnsys packages are considered as core:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the PyAnsys package installs these core modules:
```

- `PyAEDT`_
- `PyDPF-Core`_
- `PyDPF-Post`_
- `PyMAPDL`_

> - `PyFluent`_

Reviewer: Can we alphabetize so that a reader can quickly see if the package wanted is included? (I'd also like to make this change in the README for the PyAnsys account.)

Author: Will do! :)

- `PyPIM`_
- `Granta MI BoM Analytics`_
- `Shared Components`_

> However, the ``pyansys`` package also contains certain extra targets, which are installed upon request.
> These targets are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the ``pyansys`` package also contains certain extra targets, which can be installed upon request:
```

- **mapdl-all**: this target installs the core packages and `PyMAPDL Reader`_
- **fluent-all**: this target installs the core packages and `PyFluent-Parametric`_ and `PyFluent-Visualization`_

> - **all**: this target install all the extra ``pyansys`` packages 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **all**: this target install all extra ``pyansys`` packages 
```

> - **mapdl-all**: this target installs the core packages and `PyMAPDL Reader`_
> - **fluent-all**: this target installs the core packages and `PyFluent-Parametric`_ and `PyFluent-Visualization`_
> - **all**: this target install all the extra ``pyansys`` packages 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **mapdl-all**: this target installs the core packages and `PyMAPDL Reader`_.
- **fluent-all**: this target installs the core packages and `PyFluent-Parametric`_ and `PyFluent-Visualization`_.
- **all**: this target install all extra ``pyansys`` packages.
```

   python -m pip install pyansys

> If you are interested in **installing an extra target** (such as ``fluent-all``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in **installing an extra target** such as ``fluent-all``:
```

Reviewer: I removed the parentheses because the text is essential to the example.

.. code:: bash

   python -m pip install pyansys[fluent-all]

> If you are interested in **installing a specific version** (such as ``2023.1.0``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in **installing a specific version** such as ``2023.1.0``:
```
